packages/text-field/README.md, before:

# React Text Field

MDC React Text Field is component for MDC Text Field. Please see [MDC Text Field](https://github.com/material-components/material-components-web/tree/master/packages/mdc-textfield/).

## Installation

```
npm install @material/react-text-field
```

## Usage

### Styles

with Sass:
```js
import '@material/react-text-field/index.scss';
```

with CSS:
```js
import '@material/react-text-field/dist/text-field.css';
```

### Javascript Instantiation

React Text Field accepts one child element which is the input element. For ease of integration, we have provided an input component to be used with React Text Field.

```js
import React from 'react';
import TextField, {HelperText, Input} from '@material/react-text-field';

class MyApp extends React.Component {
  state = {value: 'Woof'};

  render() {
    return (
      <div>
        <TextField
          label='Dog'
          helperText={<HelperText>Help Me!</HelperText>}
        >
          <Input
            value={this.state.value}
            onChange={(e) => this.setState({value: e.target.value})}/>
        </TextField>
      </div>
    );
  }
}
```

> NOTE: In order to get access to the value, you must add an onChange handler, which accepts an event and updates the value of the input as shown above.
## Props

Prop Name | Type | Description
--- | --- | ---
children | Element | Mandatory. The input element of the text field.
className | String | An optional class added to the `.mdc-text-field` element.
dense | Boolean | Enables dense variant.
floatingLabelClassName | String | An optional class added to the floating label element of the text field.
fullWidth | Boolean | Enables fullWidth variant.
helperText | Element | Helper text that appears below the text field. Use the `<HelperText>` component that comes with this package.
isRtl | Boolean | Whether the direction of the text field element is set to RTL.
label | String | Mandatory. Label text that appears as the floating label or placeholder.
leadingIcon | Element | An icon element that appears as the leading icon.
lineRippleClassName | String | An optional class added to the line ripple element.
notchedOutlineClassName | String | An optional class added to the notched outline element.
outlined | Boolean | Enables outlined variant.
textarea | Boolean | Enables textarea variant.
trailingIcon | Element | An icon element that appears as the trailing icon.

### Input Props

Not all the props below are used for majority of cases. Properties like `foundation` shouldn't be used when implementing the text field, but is used internally in React Text Field.

Prop Name | Type | Description
--- | --- | ---
inputType | string | HTML tag to be used to render input element. 'input' (default) or 'textarea'.
className | String | Classes to be applied to the input element.
disabled | Function | Disables the input and the parent text field.
foundation | Function | The text field foundation.
handleValueChange | Function | A callback function to update React Text Field's value.
id | String | The `<input>` id attribute.
onBlur | Function | Blur event handler.
onChange | Function | Change event handler.
onFocus | Function | Focus event handler.
onMouseDown | Function | Mouse down event handler.
onTouchStart | Function | Touch start event handler.
setDisabled | Function | Callback function that is called when the `disabled` prop updates.
setInputId | Function | Callback function that is called when the `id` attribute updates.
handleFocusChange | Function | Callback function that is called when `focus` or `blur` events occur
value | Number/String | Value of the input.

>NOTE: the `<Input>` component will receive all properties that a standard `<input>` accepts.


### Sass Mixins

Sass mixins may be available to customize various aspects of the Components. Please refer to the
MDC Web repository for more information on what mixins are available, and how to use them.

[Advanced Sass Mixins](https://github.com/material-components/material-components-web/blob/master/packages/mdc-textfield/README.md)

## Usage with Icons

Please see our [Best Practices doc](../../docs/best-practices.md#importing-font-icons) when importing or using icon fonts.

Commit message:

docs: Add web survey link in readmes (#402)

packages/text-field/README.md, after:

> ✨ Are you a part of the Material Design web community? Help us improve by filling out this <a href='https://bit.ly/materialwebsurvey'>**10 minute survey**</a>. ✨

# React Text Field

MDC React Text Field is component for MDC Text Field. Please see [MDC Text Field](https://github.com/material-components/material-components-web/tree/master/packages/mdc-textfield/).

## Installation

```
npm install @material/react-text-field
```

## Usage

### Styles

with Sass:
```js
import '@material/react-text-field/index.scss';
```

with CSS:
```js
import '@material/react-text-field/dist/text-field.css';
```

### Javascript Instantiation

React Text Field accepts one child element which is the input element. For ease of integration, we have provided an input component to be used with React Text Field.

```js
import React from 'react';
import TextField, {HelperText, Input} from '@material/react-text-field';

class MyApp extends React.Component {
  state = {value: 'Woof'};

  render() {
    return (
      <div>
        <TextField
          label='Dog'
          helperText={<HelperText>Help Me!</HelperText>}
        >
          <Input
            value={this.state.value}
            onChange={(e) => this.setState({value: e.target.value})}/>
        </TextField>
      </div>
    );
  }
}
```

> NOTE: In order to get access to the value, you must add an onChange handler, which accepts an event and updates the value of the input as shown above.
## Props

Prop Name | Type | Description
--- | --- | ---
children | Element | Mandatory. The input element of the text field.
className | String | An optional class added to the `.mdc-text-field` element.
dense | Boolean | Enables dense variant.
floatingLabelClassName | String | An optional class added to the floating label element of the text field.
fullWidth | Boolean | Enables fullWidth variant.
helperText | Element | Helper text that appears below the text field. Use the `<HelperText>` component that comes with this package.
isRtl | Boolean | Whether the direction of the text field element is set to RTL.
label | String | Mandatory. Label text that appears as the floating label or placeholder.
leadingIcon | Element | An icon element that appears as the leading icon.
lineRippleClassName | String | An optional class added to the line ripple element.
notchedOutlineClassName | String | An optional class added to the notched outline element.
outlined | Boolean | Enables outlined variant.
textarea | Boolean | Enables textarea variant.
trailingIcon | Element | An icon element that appears as the trailing icon.

### Input Props

Not all the props below are used for majority of cases. Properties like `foundation` shouldn't be used when implementing the text field, but is used internally in React Text Field.

Prop Name | Type | Description
--- | --- | ---
inputType | string | HTML tag to be used to render input element. 'input' (default) or 'textarea'.
className | String | Classes to be applied to the input element.
disabled | Function | Disables the input and the parent text field.
foundation | Function | The text field foundation.
handleValueChange | Function | A callback function to update React Text Field's value.
id | String | The `<input>` id attribute.
onBlur | Function | Blur event handler.
onChange | Function | Change event handler.
onFocus | Function | Focus event handler.
onMouseDown | Function | Mouse down event handler.
onTouchStart | Function | Touch start event handler.
setDisabled | Function | Callback function that is called when the `disabled` prop updates.
setInputId | Function | Callback function that is called when the `id` attribute updates.
handleFocusChange | Function | Callback function that is called when `focus` or `blur` events occur
value | Number/String | Value of the input.

>NOTE: the `<Input>` component will receive all properties that a standard `<input>` accepts.


### Sass Mixins

Sass mixins may be available to customize various aspects of the Components. Please refer to the
MDC Web repository for more information on what mixins are available, and how to use them.

[Advanced Sass Mixins](https://github.com/material-components/material-components-web/blob/master/packages/mdc-textfield/README.md)

## Usage with Icons

Please see our [Best Practices doc](../../docs/best-practices.md#importing-font-icons) when importing or using icon fonts.
