packages/select/README.md, before:

# React Select

MDC React Select is component for MDC Select. Please see [MDC Select](https://github.com/material-components/material-components-web/tree/master/packages/mdc-select/).

## Installation

```
npm install @material/react-select
```

## Usage

### Styles

with Sass:
```js
import '@material/react-select/index.scss';
```

with CSS:
```js
import '@material/react-select/dist/select.css';
```

### Javascript Instantiation

React Select requires at least one `<option>` element as a child and a label prop.

```js
import React from 'react';
import Select from '@material/react-select';

class MyApp extends React.Component {
  state = {value: 'pomsky'};

  render() {
    return (
      <Select
        label='Choose Dog'
        onChange={(evt) => this.setState({value: evt.target.value})}
      >
        <option value='pomsky'>Pomsky</option>
        <option value='goldenDoodle'>Golden Doodle</option>
      </Select>
    );
  }
}
```

> NOTE: In order to get access to the value, you must add an `onChange` handler, which accepts an event and updates the value of the select as shown above.

#### Shorthand options

If the option elements do not require anything unique, you can omit passing `this.props.children` and set the `option` attribute.

This shorthand option is most useful when you're select options come in the form of JSON. Typically when building a select, the options will be backed by an array of objects or strings (either from an API endpoint or a JSON File). If the label/value key names, you can run a `map` function over your options.

```js
import React from 'react';
import Select from '@material/react-select';

class MyApp extends React.Component {
  state = {value: 'pomsky'};

  render() {
    const options = [{
      label: 'Pomsky',
      value: 'pomsky',
    }, {
      label: 'Golden Doodle',
      value: 'goldenDoodle',
      disabled: true,
    }];

    return (
      <Select
        label='Choose Dog'
        onChange={(evt) => this.setState({value: evt.target.value})}
        options={options}
      />
    );
  }
}
```

> NOTE: If you want a the floating label to act as a placeholder, you will need
> an empty option as documented in the [MDC Web Select](https://github.com/material-components/material-components-web/tree/master/packages/mdc-select/#using-the-floating-label-as-the-placeholder).

## Props

Prop Name | Type | Description
--- | --- | ---
box | Boolean | Enables box variant.
children | Array{Element}/Element | Array of `<option>` elements or a single `<option>` element.
className | String | An optional class added to the `.mdc-select` element.
disabled | Boolean | Disables the select.
floatingLabelClassName | String | An optional class added to the floating label element.
id | String | Id of the `<select>` element.
label | String | Mandatory. Label text that appears as the floating label.
Whether the direction of the select is set to RTL.
isRtl | Boolean | Whether the direction of the select is set to RTL.
lineRippleClassName | String | An optional class added to the line ripple element.
nativeControlClassName | String | An optional class added to the native `<select>` element.
notchedOutlineClassName | String | An optional class added to the notched outline element. Only applied if `props.outlined` is enabled.
outlined | Boolean | Enables outlined variant.
options | Array{String/Object} | Array of strings or objects to be used as options. To be used instead of `<option>` elements passed as `this.props.children`. If its an array of strings, then the string value will be used as the `label` and `value` of the `<option>` tag.

### Sass Mixins

Sass mixins may be available to customize various aspects of the Components. Please refer to the
MDC Web repository for more information on what mixins are available, and how to use them.

[Advanced Sass Mixins](https://github.com/material-components/material-components-web/blob/master/packages/mdc-select/README.md#sass-mixins)

Commit message:

docs: updated with survey link

packages/select/README.md, after:

# 🔥🌈⚡️ Are you a part of the Material Design web community? Help us improve by filling out this 10 minute <a href='https://bit.ly/materialwebsurvey'>survey</a>. 🔥🌈⚡️

# React Select

MDC React Select is component for MDC Select. Please see [MDC Select](https://github.com/material-components/material-components-web/tree/master/packages/mdc-select/).

## Installation

```
npm install @material/react-select
```

## Usage

### Styles

with Sass:
```js
import '@material/react-select/index.scss';
```

with CSS:
```js
import '@material/react-select/dist/select.css';
```

### Javascript Instantiation

React Select requires at least one `<option>` element as a child and a label prop.

```js
import React from 'react';
import Select from '@material/react-select';

class MyApp extends React.Component {
  state = {value: 'pomsky'};

  render() {
    return (
      <Select
        label='Choose Dog'
        onChange={(evt) => this.setState({value: evt.target.value})}
      >
        <option value='pomsky'>Pomsky</option>
        <option value='goldenDoodle'>Golden Doodle</option>
      </Select>
    );
  }
}
```

> NOTE: In order to get access to the value, you must add an `onChange` handler, which accepts an event and updates the value of the select as shown above.

#### Shorthand options

If the option elements do not require anything unique, you can omit passing `this.props.children` and set the `option` attribute.

This shorthand option is most useful when you're select options come in the form of JSON. Typically when building a select, the options will be backed by an array of objects or strings (either from an API endpoint or a JSON File). If the label/value key names, you can run a `map` function over your options.

```js
import React from 'react';
import Select from '@material/react-select';

class MyApp extends React.Component {
  state = {value: 'pomsky'};

  render() {
    const options = [{
      label: 'Pomsky',
      value: 'pomsky',
    }, {
      label: 'Golden Doodle',
      value: 'goldenDoodle',
      disabled: true,
    }];

    return (
      <Select
        label='Choose Dog'
        onChange={(evt) => this.setState({value: evt.target.value})}
        options={options}
      />
    );
  }
}
```

> NOTE: If you want a the floating label to act as a placeholder, you will need
> an empty option as documented in the [MDC Web Select](https://github.com/material-components/material-components-web/tree/master/packages/mdc-select/#using-the-floating-label-as-the-placeholder).

## Props

Prop Name | Type | Description
--- | --- | ---
box | Boolean | Enables box variant.
children | Array{Element}/Element | Array of `<option>` elements or a single `<option>` element.
className | String | An optional class added to the `.mdc-select` element.
disabled | Boolean | Disables the select.
floatingLabelClassName | String | An optional class added to the floating label element.
id | String | Id of the `<select>` element.
label | String | Mandatory. Label text that appears as the floating label.
Whether the direction of the select is set to RTL.
isRtl | Boolean | Whether the direction of the select is set to RTL.
lineRippleClassName | String | An optional class added to the line ripple element.
nativeControlClassName | String | An optional class added to the native `<select>` element.
notchedOutlineClassName | String | An optional class added to the notched outline element. Only applied if `props.outlined` is enabled.
outlined | Boolean | Enables outlined variant.
options | Array{String/Object} | Array of strings or objects to be used as options. To be used instead of `<option>` elements passed as `this.props.children`. If its an array of strings, then the string value will be used as the `label` and `value` of the `<option>` tag.

### Sass Mixins

Sass mixins may be available to customize various aspects of the Components. Please refer to the
MDC Web repository for more information on what mixins are available, and how to use them.

[Advanced Sass Mixins](https://github.com/material-components/material-components-web/blob/master/packages/mdc-select/README.md#sass-mixins)
