packages/text-field/icon/README.md, before:

# React Text Field Icon

MDC React Text Field Icon is a React Component which uses MDC [MDC Text Field Icon](https://github.com/material-components/material-components-web/tree/master/packages/mdc-textfield/icon/)'s CSS and foundation JavaScript.

## Usage

```js
import Icon from '@material/react-text-field/icon/index.js';

const MyComponent = () => {
  return (
    <Icon>
      <i className='material-icons' />
    </Icon>
  );
}
```

## Props

Prop Name | Type | Description
--- | --- | ---
disabled | Boolean | Toggles the disabled state of the icon.
children | Element | Required. Expects a single child icon element.

## Icon

The icon can be a `<a>`, `<i>`, `<svg>`, `<image>`, `<span>`, etc.

If you decide to use a React Component please see [Integrating with Components](./../../../docs/guidelines.md#integrating-with-components). It must accept the `classNames` prop so the Text Field Icon Component can add the appropriate classes.

## Sass Mixins

Sass mixins may be available to customize various aspects of the Components. Please refer to the
MDC Web repository for more information on what mixins are available, and how to use them.

[Advanced Sass Mixins](https://github.com/material-components/material-components-web/blob/master/packages/mdc-textfield/icon/README.md#sass-mixins)

Commit message:

docs: updated with survey link

packages/text-field/icon/README.md, after:

# 🔥🌈⚡️ Are you a part of the Material Design web community? Help us improve by filling out this 10 minute <a href='https://bit.ly/materialwebsurvey'>survey</a>. 🔥🌈⚡️

# React Text Field Icon

MDC React Text Field Icon is a React Component which uses MDC [MDC Text Field Icon](https://github.com/material-components/material-components-web/tree/master/packages/mdc-textfield/icon/)'s CSS and foundation JavaScript.

## Usage

```js
import Icon from '@material/react-text-field/icon/index.js';

const MyComponent = () => {
  return (
    <Icon>
      <i className='material-icons' />
    </Icon>
  );
}
```

## Props

Prop Name | Type | Description
--- | --- | ---
disabled | Boolean | Toggles the disabled state of the icon.
children | Element | Required. Expects a single child icon element.

## Icon

The icon can be a `<a>`, `<i>`, `<svg>`, `<image>`, `<span>`, etc.

If you decide to use a React Component please see [Integrating with Components](./../../../docs/guidelines.md#integrating-with-components). It must accept the `classNames` prop so the Text Field Icon Component can add the appropriate classes.

## Sass Mixins

Sass mixins may be available to customize various aspects of the Components. Please refer to the
MDC Web repository for more information on what mixins are available, and how to use them.

[Advanced Sass Mixins](https://github.com/material-components/material-components-web/blob/master/packages/mdc-textfield/icon/README.md#sass-mixins)
