packages/list/README.md, before:

# React List

A React version of an [MDC List](https://github.com/material-components/material-components-web/tree/master/packages/mdc-list).

## Installation

```
npm install @material/react-list
```

## Usage

### Styles

with Sass:
```js
import '@material/react-list/index.scss';
```

with CSS:
```js
import '@material/react-list/dist/list.css';
```

### Javascript Instantiation

```js
import React, {Component} from 'react';
import List, {ListItem, ListItemText} from '@material/react-list';

class MyApp extends Component {
  render() {
    return (
      <List>
        <ListItem>
          <ListItemText primaryText='Photos'/>
        </ListItem>
        <ListItem>
          <ListItemText primaryText='Recipes'/>
        </ListItem>
        <ListItem>
          <ListItemText primaryText='Work'/>
        </ListItem>
      </List>
    );
  }
}
```

> _NOTE_: Please use the `ListItem` component to specify list items. `List` will not recognize custom list item components.
>
> Also, you can override the element that the `List` or `ListItem` renders by passing in a `tag` prop. By default, `List` renders a `ul` and `ListItem` renders an `li`. For semantic HTML and a11y, as well as working with routing libraries such as [React Router](https://github.com/ReactTraining/react-router) and [Next.js' Link](https://github.com/zeit/next.js#with-link), you may wish to use `nav` and `a` respectively if using the components to render a page's navigation.

## Variants

### Two-Line List

You can use the `twoLine` Boolean prop for `List` combined with the `secondaryText` prop for `ListItem` to style a list as a double line list.

```js
import React, {Component} from 'react';
import List, {ListItem, ListItemText} from '@material/react-list';

class MyApp extends Component {
  render() {
    return (
      <List twoLine>
        <ListItem>
          <ListItemText
            primaryText='Photos'
            secondaryText='Jan 9, 2018' />
        </ListItem>
        <ListItem>
          <ListItemText
            primaryText='Recipes'
            secondaryText='Jan 17, 2018' />
        </ListItem>
        <ListItem>
          <ListItemText
            primaryText='Work'
            secondaryText='Jan 28, 2018' />
        </ListItem>
      </List>
    );
  }
}
```

### List item supporting visuals and metadata

You may add a leading visuals or trailing metadata to a list item using `ListItemGraphic` before or `ListItemMeta` after `ListItemText`.

```js
import React, {Component} from 'react';
import MaterialIcon from '@material/react-material-icon';
import List, {ListItem, ListItemGraphic, ListItemText, ListItemMeta} from '@material/react-list';

class MyApp extends Component {
  render() {
    return (
      <List>
        <ListItem>
          <ListItemGraphic graphic={<MaterialIcon icon='folder'/>} />
          <ListItemText primaryText='Photos' />
          <ListItemMeta meta='info' />
        </ListItem>
        ...
      </List>
    );
  }
}

```

### List groups and list dividers

Multiple related lists can be grouped together using the `ListGroup` component. Optional subheaders can be added using `ListGroupSubheader`. `ListDivider`s can be used to separate content either within a list or between lists.

```js
import React, {Component} from 'react';
import List, {
  ListItem, ListItemText, ListGroup,
  ListGroupSubheader,ListDivider
} from '@material/react-list';

class MyApp extends Component {
  render() {
    return (
      <ListGroup>
        <ListGroupSubheader tag='h2'>Folders</ListGroupSubheader>
        <List>
          <ListItem>
            <ListItemText primaryText='Photos' />
          </ListItem>
          ...
        </List>
        <ListDivider tag="div" />
        <ListGroupSubheader tag='h2'>Recent Files</ListGroupSubheader>
        <List>
          <ListItem>
            <ListItemText primaryText='Vacation' />
          </ListItem>
          ...
        </List>
      </ListGroup>
    );
  }
}
```

### Single Selection

You can use the `singleSelection` Boolean prop for `List` to allow for selection of list items. You can also set the `selectedIndex` of the list programmatically and include a `handleSelect` callback.

> _NOTE_: If you are inserting or removing list items, you must update the `selectedIndex` accordingly.

```js
import React, {Component} from 'react';
import List, {ListItem, ListItemText} from '@material/react-list';

class MyApp extends Component {
  state = {
    selectedIndex: 1,
  };

  render() {
    return (
      <List
        singleSelection
        selectedIndex={this.state.selectedIndex}
        handleSelect={(selectedIndex) => this.setState({selectedIndex})}
      >
        <ListItem>
          <ListItemText primaryText='Photos'/>
        </ListItem>
        <ListItem>
          <ListItemText primaryText='Recipes'/>
        </ListItem>
        <ListItem>
          <ListItemText primaryText='Work'/>
        </ListItem>
      </List>
    );
  }
}
```

### Checkbox Lists

You can use the `checkboxList` Boolean prop for `List` to enable the checkbox list logic. You must also set `selectedIndex` of the list to an array. `selectedIndex` will be an empty array if there is no initial selection. Setting `selectedIndex` will initialize the list with the correct `tabIndex`. Changing this programatically will not affect the checkboxes -- you must programatically change the checkbox via it's `checked` prop and update `selectedIndex` to keep a11y up to date. See the [Checkbox Readme](../checkbox/README.md) for more details.

```jsx
import React, {Component} from 'react';
import List, {ListItem, ListItemText} from '@material/react-list';
import Checkbox from '@material/react-checkbox';

class MyApp extends Component {
  state = {
    selectedIndex: [1],
  };

  render() {
    return (
      <List
        checkboxList
        selectedIndex={this.state.selectedIndex}
        handleSelect={(activatedIndex, allSelected) => this.setState({selectedIndex: allSelected})}
      >
        <ListItem>
          <Checkbox />
          <ListItemText primaryText='Photos'/>
        </ListItem>
        <ListItem>
          <Checkbox checked />
          <ListItemText primaryText='Recipes'/>
        </ListItem>
        <ListItem>
          <Checkbox />
          <ListItemText primaryText='Work'/>
        </ListItem>
      </List>
    );
  }
}
```

### Radio Lists

You can use the `radioList` Boolean prop for `List` to enable the radio list logic. Set `selectedIndex` to the index of the listItem initially selected to accurately setup the component for a11y. Changing `selectedIndex` programatically will not affect the radio element -- you must instead programatically change the radio via it's `checked` prop. Interactions (click/arrow keys) will update the radios as expected. To get the selectedIndex, setup the radio's `onChange` method as shown below. See the [Radio Readme](../radio/README.md) for more details.

> Note: We know this API is inconsistent with checkbox list. This is because the implementations of radio and checkbox differ. In the coming months, we will try to normalize the design. 

```jsx
import React, {Component} from 'react';
import List, {ListItem, ListItemText} from '@material/react-list';
import Radio, {NativeRadioControl} from '@material/react-radio';

class MyApp extends Component {
  state = {
    selectedItem: 'Milk',
  };

  handleChange = (e) => {
    this.setState({selectedItem: e.target.value});
  }

  render() {
    const listItems = ['Photos', 'Recipes', 'Work'];

    return (
      <List
        radioList
        selectedIndex={0}
      >
        {
          listItems.map((item, index) => {
            return (
              <ListItem key={index}>
                <Radio>
                  <NativeRadioControl
                    name={item}
                    checked={this.state.selectedItem === item}
                    value={item}
                    id={`${index}-${item}`}
                    onChange={this.handleChange}
                  />
                </Radio>
                <ListItemText primaryText='Photos'/>
              </ListItem>
            );
          })
        }
      </List>
    );
  }
}
```

## Props

### List

| Prop Name        | Type                                    | Description                                                                                                                       |
| ---------------- | --------------------------------------- | --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| className        | String                                  | Classes to be applied to the list element                                                                                         |
| nonInteractive   | Boolean                                 | Disables interactivity affordances                                                                                                |
| dense            | Boolean                                 | Styles the density of the list, making it appear more compact                                                                     |
| avatarList       | Boolean                                 | Configures the leading tiles of each row to display images instead of icons. This will make the graphics of the list items larger |
| twoLine          | Boolean                                 | Styles the list with two lines                                                                                                    |
| singleSelection  | Boolean                                 | Allows for single selection of list items                                                                                         |
| wrapFocus        | Boolean                                 | Sets the list to allow the up arrow on the first element to focus the last element of the list and vice versa                     |
| checkboxList     | Boolean                                 | Set the list to act as a checkbox list |
| radioList        | Boolean                                 | Set the list to act as a radio list |
| selectedIndex    | Number | Array<Number>       | Toggles the selected state of the list item at the given index. Behaves differently for checkboxList and radioList (see sections above for more detail). |
| handleSelect     | Function(activatedItemIndex: Number, selected: Number | Array<Number>) => void | Callback for handling a list item selection event. `selected` will be an Array,Number> for checkbox lists. |
| aria-orientation | String                                  | Indicates the list orientation                                                                                                    |
| tag              | String                                  | Customizes the list tag type (defaults to `'ul'`)                                                                                 |

### ListItem

| Prop Name            | Type                         | Description                                                                         |
| -------------------- | ---------------------------- | ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| tag                  | String                       | Customizes the list tag type (defaults to `'li'`)                                   |
| checkboxList | Boolean | Set the list item to act as a checkbox list |
| radioList | Boolean | Set the list item to act as a radio list |
| activated | Boolean | Sets the list item to the activated state |
| selected | Boolean | Sets the list item to the selected state |

### ListItemText

| Prop Name               | Type    | Description                                                                                                       |
| ----------------------- | ------- | ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| className               | String  | Classes to be applied to the list item text element                                                               |
| tabIndex                | Number  | Tab index of the list item text                                                                                   |
| primaryText             | String  | Primary text for the list item                                                                                    |
| secondaryText           | String  | Secondary text for the list item                                                                                  |

### ListItemGraphic

| Prop Name               | Type    | Description                                                                                                          |
| ----------------------- | ------- | -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| className               | String  | Classes to be applied to the list item graphic element                                                               |
| tabIndex                | Number  | Tab index of the list item graphic                                                                                   |
| graphic                 | Element | The graphic element to be displayed in front of list item text                                                       |

### ListItemMeta

| Prop Name               | Type              | Description                                                                                                       |
| ----------------------- | ----------------- | ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| className               | String            | Classes to be applied to the list item meta element                                                               |
| tabIndex                | Number            | Tab index of the list item meta                                                                                   |
| meta                    | Element or String | The meta element or string to be displayed behind list item text                                                  |

### ListDivider

| Prop Name | Type   | Description                                            |
| --------- | ------ | ------------------------------------------------------ |
| className | String | Classes to be applied to the list divider              |
| tag       | String | Element tag of the list divider, defaults to `li`      |
| role      | String | ARIA role of the list divider, defaults to `separator` |

### ListGroup

| Prop Name | Type   | Description                                      |
| --------- | ------ | ------------------------------------------------ |
| className | String | Classes to be applied to the list group          |
| tag       | String | Element tag of the list group, defaults to `div` |


### ListGroupSubheader

| Prop Name | Type   | Description                                               |
| --------- | ------ | --------------------------------------------------------- |
| className | String | Classes to be applied to the list group subheader         |
| tag       | String | Element tag of the list group subheader, defaults to `h3` |

## Sass Mixins

Sass mixins may be available to customize various aspects of the Components. Please refer to the MDC Web repository for more information on what mixins are available, and how to use them.

[Advanced Sass Mixins](https://github.com/material-components/material-components-web/blob/master/packages/mdc-list/README.md#sass-mixins)

Commit message:

fix(list): Only apply aria-orientation with role (#945)
BREAKING CHANGE:

'orientation` is now used instead of 'aria-orientation' to specify list orientation.
This allows smarter aria defaults that can be overridden if needed.

packages/list/README.md, after:

# React List

A React version of an [MDC List](https://github.com/material-components/material-components-web/tree/master/packages/mdc-list).

## Installation

```
npm install @material/react-list
```

## Usage

### Styles

with Sass:
```js
import '@material/react-list/index.scss';
```

with CSS:
```js
import '@material/react-list/dist/list.css';
```

### Javascript Instantiation

```js
import React, {Component} from 'react';
import List, {ListItem, ListItemText} from '@material/react-list';

class MyApp extends Component {
  render() {
    return (
      <List>
        <ListItem>
          <ListItemText primaryText='Photos'/>
        </ListItem>
        <ListItem>
          <ListItemText primaryText='Recipes'/>
        </ListItem>
        <ListItem>
          <ListItemText primaryText='Work'/>
        </ListItem>
      </List>
    );
  }
}
```

> _NOTE_: Please use the `ListItem` component to specify list items. `List` will not recognize custom list item components.
>
> Also, you can override the element that the `List` or `ListItem` renders by passing in a `tag` prop. By default, `List` renders a `ul` and `ListItem` renders an `li`. For semantic HTML and a11y, as well as working with routing libraries such as [React Router](https://github.com/ReactTraining/react-router) and [Next.js' Link](https://github.com/zeit/next.js#with-link), you may wish to use `nav` and `a` respectively if using the components to render a page's navigation.

## Variants

### Two-Line List

You can use the `twoLine` Boolean prop for `List` combined with the `secondaryText` prop for `ListItem` to style a list as a double line list.

```js
import React, {Component} from 'react';
import List, {ListItem, ListItemText} from '@material/react-list';

class MyApp extends Component {
  render() {
    return (
      <List twoLine>
        <ListItem>
          <ListItemText
            primaryText='Photos'
            secondaryText='Jan 9, 2018' />
        </ListItem>
        <ListItem>
          <ListItemText
            primaryText='Recipes'
            secondaryText='Jan 17, 2018' />
        </ListItem>
        <ListItem>
          <ListItemText
            primaryText='Work'
            secondaryText='Jan 28, 2018' />
        </ListItem>
      </List>
    );
  }
}
```

### List item supporting visuals and metadata

You may add a leading visuals or trailing metadata to a list item using `ListItemGraphic` before or `ListItemMeta` after `ListItemText`.

```js
import React, {Component} from 'react';
import MaterialIcon from '@material/react-material-icon';
import List, {ListItem, ListItemGraphic, ListItemText, ListItemMeta} from '@material/react-list';

class MyApp extends Component {
  render() {
    return (
      <List>
        <ListItem>
          <ListItemGraphic graphic={<MaterialIcon icon='folder'/>} />
          <ListItemText primaryText='Photos' />
          <ListItemMeta meta='info' />
        </ListItem>
        ...
      </List>
    );
  }
}

```

### List groups and list dividers

Multiple related lists can be grouped together using the `ListGroup` component. Optional subheaders can be added using `ListGroupSubheader`. `ListDivider`s can be used to separate content either within a list or between lists.

```js
import React, {Component} from 'react';
import List, {
  ListItem, ListItemText, ListGroup,
  ListGroupSubheader,ListDivider
} from '@material/react-list';

class MyApp extends Component {
  render() {
    return (
      <ListGroup>
        <ListGroupSubheader tag='h2'>Folders</ListGroupSubheader>
        <List>
          <ListItem>
            <ListItemText primaryText='Photos' />
          </ListItem>
          ...
        </List>
        <ListDivider tag="div" />
        <ListGroupSubheader tag='h2'>Recent Files</ListGroupSubheader>
        <List>
          <ListItem>
            <ListItemText primaryText='Vacation' />
          </ListItem>
          ...
        </List>
      </ListGroup>
    );
  }
}
```

### Single Selection

You can use the `singleSelection` Boolean prop for `List` to allow for selection of list items. You can also set the `selectedIndex` of the list programmatically and include a `handleSelect` callback.

> _NOTE_: If you are inserting or removing list items, you must update the `selectedIndex` accordingly.

```js
import React, {Component} from 'react';
import List, {ListItem, ListItemText} from '@material/react-list';

class MyApp extends Component {
  state = {
    selectedIndex: 1,
  };

  render() {
    return (
      <List
        singleSelection
        selectedIndex={this.state.selectedIndex}
        handleSelect={(selectedIndex) => this.setState({selectedIndex})}
      >
        <ListItem>
          <ListItemText primaryText='Photos'/>
        </ListItem>
        <ListItem>
          <ListItemText primaryText='Recipes'/>
        </ListItem>
        <ListItem>
          <ListItemText primaryText='Work'/>
        </ListItem>
      </List>
    );
  }
}
```

### Checkbox Lists

You can use the `checkboxList` Boolean prop for `List` to enable the checkbox list logic. You must also set `selectedIndex` of the list to an array. `selectedIndex` will be an empty array if there is no initial selection. Setting `selectedIndex` will initialize the list with the correct `tabIndex`. Changing this programatically will not affect the checkboxes -- you must programatically change the checkbox via it's `checked` prop and update `selectedIndex` to keep a11y up to date. See the [Checkbox Readme](../checkbox/README.md) for more details.

```jsx
import React, {Component} from 'react';
import List, {ListItem, ListItemText} from '@material/react-list';
import Checkbox from '@material/react-checkbox';

class MyApp extends Component {
  state = {
    selectedIndex: [1],
  };

  render() {
    return (
      <List
        checkboxList
        selectedIndex={this.state.selectedIndex}
        handleSelect={(activatedIndex, allSelected) => this.setState({selectedIndex: allSelected})}
      >
        <ListItem>
          <Checkbox />
          <ListItemText primaryText='Photos'/>
        </ListItem>
        <ListItem>
          <Checkbox checked />
          <ListItemText primaryText='Recipes'/>
        </ListItem>
        <ListItem>
          <Checkbox />
          <ListItemText primaryText='Work'/>
        </ListItem>
      </List>
    );
  }
}
```

### Radio Lists

You can use the `radioList` Boolean prop for `List` to enable the radio list logic. Set `selectedIndex` to the index of the listItem initially selected to accurately setup the component for a11y. Changing `selectedIndex` programatically will not affect the radio element -- you must instead programatically change the radio via it's `checked` prop. Interactions (click/arrow keys) will update the radios as expected. To get the selectedIndex, setup the radio's `onChange` method as shown below. See the [Radio Readme](../radio/README.md) for more details.

> Note: We know this API is inconsistent with checkbox list. This is because the implementations of radio and checkbox differ. In the coming months, we will try to normalize the design. 

```jsx
import React, {Component} from 'react';
import List, {ListItem, ListItemText} from '@material/react-list';
import Radio, {NativeRadioControl} from '@material/react-radio';

class MyApp extends Component {
  state = {
    selectedItem: 'Milk',
  };

  handleChange = (e) => {
    this.setState({selectedItem: e.target.value});
  }

  render() {
    const listItems = ['Photos', 'Recipes', 'Work'];

    return (
      <List
        radioList
        selectedIndex={0}
      >
        {
          listItems.map((item, index) => {
            return (
              <ListItem key={index}>
                <Radio>
                  <NativeRadioControl
                    name={item}
                    checked={this.state.selectedItem === item}
                    value={item}
                    id={`${index}-${item}`}
                    onChange={this.handleChange}
                  />
                </Radio>
                <ListItemText primaryText='Photos'/>
              </ListItem>
            );
          })
        }
      </List>
    );
  }
}
```

## Props

### List

| Prop Name        | Type                                    | Description                                                                                                                       |
| ---------------- | --------------------------------------- | --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| className        | String                                  | Classes to be applied to the list element                                                                                         |
| nonInteractive   | Boolean                                 | Disables interactivity affordances                                                                                                |
| dense            | Boolean                                 | Styles the density of the list, making it appear more compact                                                                     |
| avatarList       | Boolean                                 | Configures the leading tiles of each row to display images instead of icons. This will make the graphics of the list items larger |
| twoLine          | Boolean                                 | Styles the list with two lines                                                                                                    |
| singleSelection  | Boolean                                 | Allows for single selection of list items                                                                                         |
| wrapFocus        | Boolean                                 | Sets the list to allow the up arrow on the first element to focus the last element of the list and vice versa                     |
| checkboxList     | Boolean                                 | Set the list to act as a checkbox list |
| radioList        | Boolean                                 | Set the list to act as a radio list |
| selectedIndex    | Number | Array<Number>       | Toggles the selected state of the list item at the given index. Behaves differently for checkboxList and radioList (see sections above for more detail). |
| handleSelect     | Function(activatedItemIndex: Number, selected: Number | Array<Number>) => void | Callback for handling a list item selection event. `selected` will be an Array,Number> for checkbox lists. |
| orientation | `'vertical'` \| `'horizontal'` | Indicates the list orientation (defaults to `'vertical'`). |
| tag              | String                                  | Customizes the list tag type (defaults to `'ul'`)                                                                                 |

### ListItem

| Prop Name            | Type                         | Description                                                                         |
| -------------------- | ---------------------------- | ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| tag                  | String                       | Customizes the list tag type (defaults to `'li'`)                                   |
| checkboxList | Boolean | Set the list item to act as a checkbox list |
| radioList | Boolean | Set the list item to act as a radio list |
| activated | Boolean | Sets the list item to the activated state |
| selected | Boolean | Sets the list item to the selected state |

### ListItemText

| Prop Name               | Type    | Description                                                                                                       |
| ----------------------- | ------- | ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| className               | String  | Classes to be applied to the list item text element                                                               |
| tabIndex                | Number  | Tab index of the list item text                                                                                   |
| primaryText             | String  | Primary text for the list item                                                                                    |
| secondaryText           | String  | Secondary text for the list item                                                                                  |

### ListItemGraphic

| Prop Name               | Type    | Description                                                                                                          |
| ----------------------- | ------- | -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| className               | String  | Classes to be applied to the list item graphic element                                                               |
| tabIndex                | Number  | Tab index of the list item graphic                                                                                   |
| graphic                 | Element | The graphic element to be displayed in front of list item text                                                       |

### ListItemMeta

| Prop Name               | Type              | Description                                                                                                       |
| ----------------------- | ----------------- | ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| className               | String            | Classes to be applied to the list item meta element                                                               |
| tabIndex                | Number            | Tab index of the list item meta                                                                                   |
| meta                    | Element or String | The meta element or string to be displayed behind list item text                                                  |

### ListDivider

| Prop Name | Type   | Description                                            |
| --------- | ------ | ------------------------------------------------------ |
| className | String | Classes to be applied to the list divider              |
| tag       | String | Element tag of the list divider, defaults to `li`      |
| role      | String | ARIA role of the list divider, defaults to `separator` |

### ListGroup

| Prop Name | Type   | Description                                      |
| --------- | ------ | ------------------------------------------------ |
| className | String | Classes to be applied to the list group          |
| tag       | String | Element tag of the list group, defaults to `div` |


### ListGroupSubheader

| Prop Name | Type   | Description                                               |
| --------- | ------ | --------------------------------------------------------- |
| className | String | Classes to be applied to the list group subheader         |
| tag       | String | Element tag of the list group subheader, defaults to `h3` |

## Sass Mixins

Sass mixins may be available to customize various aspects of the Components. Please refer to the MDC Web repository for more information on what mixins are available, and how to use them.

[Advanced Sass Mixins](https://github.com/material-components/material-components-web/blob/master/packages/mdc-list/README.md#sass-mixins)
