packages/notched-outline/README.md, before:

# React Notched Outline

A React version of an [MDC Notched Outline](https://github.com/material-components/material-components-web/tree/master/packages/mdc-notched-outline).

## Installation

```
npm install @material/react-notched-outline
```

## Usage

### Styles

with Sass:
```js
import '@material/react-notched-outline/index.scss';
```

with CSS:
```js
import '@material/react-notched-outline/dist/notched-outline.css';
```

### Javascript Instantiation

```js
import NotchedOutline from '@material/react-notched-outline';

const MyComponent = () => {
  return (
    <NotchedOutline />
  );
}
```

## Props

Prop Name | Type | Description
--- | --- | ---
className | String | Classes to be applied to the root element.
isRtl | Boolean | Shifts notch to right side if true.
notch | Boolean | Toggles between notched outline and idle outline state.
notchWidth | Number | Width of the notch in the outline.

## Sass Mixins

Sass mixins may be available to customize various aspects of the Components. Please refer to the
MDC Web repository for more information on what mixins are available, and how to use them.

[Advanced Sass Mixins](https://github.com/material-components/material-components-web/blob/master/packages/mdc-notched-outline/README.md#sass-mixins)

Commit message:

docs: updated with survey link

packages/notched-outline/README.md, after:

# 🔥🌈⚡️ Are you a part of the Material Design web community? Help us improve by filling out this 10 minute <a href='https://bit.ly/materialwebsurvey'>survey</a>. 🔥🌈⚡️

# React Notched Outline

A React version of an [MDC Notched Outline](https://github.com/material-components/material-components-web/tree/master/packages/mdc-notched-outline).

## Installation

```
npm install @material/react-notched-outline
```

## Usage

### Styles

with Sass:
```js
import '@material/react-notched-outline/index.scss';
```

with CSS:
```js
import '@material/react-notched-outline/dist/notched-outline.css';
```

### Javascript Instantiation

```js
import NotchedOutline from '@material/react-notched-outline';

const MyComponent = () => {
  return (
    <NotchedOutline />
  );
}
```

## Props

Prop Name | Type | Description
--- | --- | ---
className | String | Classes to be applied to the root element.
isRtl | Boolean | Shifts notch to right side if true.
notch | Boolean | Toggles between notched outline and idle outline state.
notchWidth | Number | Width of the notch in the outline.

## Sass Mixins

Sass mixins may be available to customize various aspects of the Components. Please refer to the
MDC Web repository for more information on what mixins are available, and how to use them.

[Advanced Sass Mixins](https://github.com/material-components/material-components-web/blob/master/packages/mdc-notched-outline/README.md#sass-mixins)
